Welcome to Typography and Text Effects! I'm your design mentor,
and today we'll master beautiful typography in Photoshop.
This course covers text styling, effects,
and creative typography for powerful visual communication.
We'll start with font selection and text formatting,
then explore advanced text effects and styles.
Learn professional typography principles
for impactful design compositions.
Master 3D text, neon effects, and vintage styles.
We'll create logos, posters, and branding materials,
with advanced layer style techniques.
Typography is the voice of visual design.
By the end, you'll craft compelling text designs.
Let's give your words visual power!